Clarify issue with GLES2 renderer (#6100)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/spatial_shader.rst

If you want the lights to add together, add the light contribution to ``DIFFUSE_LIGHT`` using ``+=``, rather than overwriting it.

.. warning::

>     In GLES2, lights will always be added together even if you override ``DIFFUSE_LIGHT`` using ``=``. This is due to lighting being computed in multiple passes (one for each light), unlike GLES3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In GLES2, lights will always be added together even if you override ``DIFFUSE_LIGHT`` using ``=``.
    This is due to lighting being computed in multiple passes (one for each light),
    unlike GLES3.
```

If you want the lights to add together, add the light contribution to ``DIFFUSE_LIGHT`` using ``+=``, rather than overwriting it.

> .. warning::
>     In GLES2 the lights will always add together even if you override DIFFUSE_LIGHT due to how lighting is calculated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::

    In GLES2, the lights will always be added together even if you override ``DIFFUSE_LIGHT``. This is due to lighting being computed in multiple passes (for each light), unlike GLES3.
```
